README.md, before:

# Feed Website in React.js and Ts 🚀🚀 
The purpose of this project is to practice react fundamentals like single responsability components, hooks and user interactivity through them

<img width="800" height="600" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gh-johnny/Feed-Website-React/development/docs/rocket-react-fundamentals0.jpeg" alt="App printscreen">
<div style="text-align: center;">
    <img width="240" height="500" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gh-johnny/Feed-Website-React/development/docs/rocket-react-fundamentals1.jpeg" alt="App printscreen">
    <img width="490" height="500" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gh-johnny/Feed-Website-React/development/docs/rocket-react-fundamentals2.jpeg" alt="App printscreen">
</div>

Created with vite
## Dependencies 📦
- react (^18.2.0)
    - react-dom (^18.2.0)
- date-fns (^3.3.1)
- phosphor-react (^1.4.1)

#### Dev dependencies 📦
- vite (^5.0.8)
- typescript (^5.2.2)

## Project setup ⚡

Clone the repo with
```
git clone https://github.com/gh-johnny/React-fundamentals.git

or

git clone git@github.com:gh-johnny/React-fundamentals.git

or

gh repo clone gh-johnny/React-fundamentals
```
---

Use package manager/runner of preference (npm, yarn, pnpm, bun...) <br>
Now enter the project install dependencies, start local server and open it on your browser with
```
cd Feed-Website-React/ &&
npm install &&
npm run dev
```

Commit message:

doc: README.md live link

README.md, after:

# Feed Website in React.js and Ts 🚀🚀 
The purpose of this project is to practice react fundamentals like single responsability components, hooks and user interactivity through them <br>

Check the live website here 💻<br>
[https://gh-johnny.github.io/Feed-Website-React/](https://gh-johnny.github.io/Feed-Website-React/ "My live website")

---


<img width="800" height="600" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gh-johnny/Feed-Website-React/development/docs/rocket-react-fundamentals0.jpeg" alt="App printscreen">
<div style="text-align: center;">
    <img width="240" height="500" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gh-johnny/Feed-Website-React/development/docs/rocket-react-fundamentals1.jpeg" alt="App printscreen">
    <img width="490" height="500" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gh-johnny/Feed-Website-React/development/docs/rocket-react-fundamentals2.jpeg" alt="App printscreen">
</div>

Created with vite
## Dependencies 📦
- react (^18.2.0)
    - react-dom (^18.2.0)
- date-fns (^3.3.1)
- phosphor-react (^1.4.1)

#### Dev dependencies 📦
- vite (^5.0.8)
- typescript (^5.2.2)

## Project setup ⚡

Clone the repo with
```
git clone https://github.com/gh-johnny/React-fundamentals.git

or

git clone git@github.com:gh-johnny/React-fundamentals.git

or

gh repo clone gh-johnny/React-fundamentals
```
---

Use package manager/runner of preference (npm, yarn, pnpm, bun...) <br>
Now enter the project install dependencies, start local server and open it on your browser with
```
cd Feed-Website-React/ &&
npm install &&
npm run dev
```
